[liquidcheck] Initial contribution (#13287)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.liquidcheck/README.md

# LiquidCheck Binding

This binding is for the Liquid-Check device from SI-Elektronik GmbH.

> Which can be used to measure level and content of tanks.

Author: Fixed in commit 74620be859485039ca1f269f9489d1ae3e7155b9

## Supported Things

`liquidCheckDevice`:

The Liquid-Check device in Hardwareversion B and Firmwareversion 1.60 has been tested and is working.
You can access the measured data, raw data, the settings as properties and command a measurement.

## Discovery

This binding discovers the devices via a ping and request method.
It uses every ethernet/wlan interface that is connected to the openHAB server.

> Therefore it will only start a discovery once a hour.

Author: Fixed in commit 74620be859485039ca1f269f9489d1ae3e7155b9

## Binding Configuration

There is no configuration needed.

> 

Reviewer: Wrong chapter was removed, I was referring to **Binding Configuration**.

> 

Author: You are right, just fixed it. Sorry again for the inconvenience.

## Thing Configuration

> You only need to add the IP address of the device or use the auto discovery method.

Author: Fixed in commit 74620be859485039ca1f269f9489d1ae3e7155b9

|------------------|---------|---------------------------------------|---------|----------|----------|
| hostname         | text    | Hostname or IP address of the device  | N/A     | yes      | no       |

> | maxContent       | integer | Maximum Content of the tank           | 1       | no       | no       |

Reviewer: Consistency with thing parameter description:
```suggestion
| maxContent       | integer | Maximal content in the container      | 1       | no       | no       |
```

Reviewer: There were three differences. Two of them missed. 🙂

Author: ..., okay I've fixed the typos that I missed.

> | refreshInterval  | integer | Interval the device is polled in sec. | 60      | no       | yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| refreshInterval  | integer | Interval the device is polled in seconds | 60      | no       | yes      |
```

| hostname        | text    | Hostname or IP address of the device  | N/A     | yes      | no       |
| maxContent      | integer | Maximum Content of the tank           | 0       | no       | no       |
| refreshInterval | integer | Interval the device is polled in sec. | 600     | no       | yes      |
| connecionTimeOut| integer | Timeout after an request has been sent| 5       | no       | yes      |

## Channels

| Channel        | Type   | Read/Write | Description                           |
|----------------|--------|------------|---------------------------------------|
| content        | Number | R          | This is the measured content          |
| level          | Number | R          | This is the measured level            |
| raw-content    | Number | R          | This is the measured raw content data |
| raw-level      | Number | R          | This is the measured raw level data   |
| fill-indicator | Number | R          | This is the fill level in percentage  |
| measure        | Switch | W          | This starts a measurement             |
| pump-runs      | Number | R          | This is the total runs number         |

> | pump-runtime   | Number | R          | This is the total runtime in sec.     |

Reviewer 2: Please add the number dimension when one is defined.

## Full Example

Thing:

> - Thing liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice: "Label" @ "Location" [ip="XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX", maxContent=9265, refreshInterval=600, connectionTimeout=5]

Reviewer 2: The final id is missing and two parameters are wrong.
`Thing liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice "Label" @ "Location" [hostname="XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX", maxContent=9265, refreshInterval=600, connectionTimeout=5]
`

> | pump-runtime   | Number:Time                 | R          | This is the total runtime in sec.     |

Reviewer: Please update channel ids.

> - Thing liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice "Label" @ "Location" [hostname="XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX", maxContent=9265, refreshInterval=600, connectionTimeout=5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thing liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice "Label" @ "Location" [hostname="XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX", maxContent=9265, refreshInterval=600, connectionTimeout=5]
```

Items:

- Number:Volume ContentLiquidCheck "Content" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:content}
- Number:Length LevelLiquidCheck "Level" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:level}
- Number:Volume RawContentLiquidCheck "Raw Content" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:raw-content}
- Number:Length RawLevelLiquidCheck "Raw Level" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:raw-level}
- Number:Dimensionless FillIndicator "Fill Indicator" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:fill-indicator}
- Switch MeasureLiquidCheck "Measure" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:measure}
- Number PumpRuns "Pump runs" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:pump-runs}

> - Number PumpRuntime "Pump runtime" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:pump-runtime}

Reviewer 2: Replace "liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:" by "liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:".
For PumpRuntime, rather use Number:Time.

> - Number:Volume ContentLiquidCheck "Content" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:content}
> - Number:Length LevelLiquidCheck "Level" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:level}
> - Number:Volume RawContentLiquidCheck "Raw Content" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:raw-content}
> - Number:Length RawLevelLiquidCheck "Raw Level" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:raw-level}
> - Number:Dimensionless FillIndicator "Fill Indicator" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:fill-indicator}
> - Switch MeasureLiquidCheck "Measure" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:measure}
> - Number PumpRuns "Pump runs" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:pump-runs}
> - Number PumpRuntime "Pump runtime" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:pump-runtime}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number:Volume ContentLiquidCheck "Content" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:content}
Number:Length LevelLiquidCheck "Level" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:level}
Number:Volume RawContentLiquidCheck "Raw Content" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:raw-content}
Number:Length RawLevelLiquidCheck "Raw Level" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:raw-level}
Number:Dimensionless FillIndicator "Fill Indicator" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:fill-indicator}
Switch MeasureLiquidCheck "Measure" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:measure}
Number PumpRuns "Pump runs" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:pump-runs}
Number PumpRuntime "Pump runtime" {liquidcheck:liquidCheckDevice:myDevice:pump-runtime}
```

Also, please update the channel ids.
